what did you remember that produced that
emotional response it's the answer to
that's an grab me by the time they
realized I'm not going to disconnect
from my mom they officially kick me out
of Scientology and then they go to my
wife and they say well you have to
divorce your husband or you're going to
get kicked out of Scientology and she
says that's not going to work for me so
they kick her out of Scientology and so
then they go to her parents and they say
you have to disconnect from your
daughter and your three
granddaughters or you're going to get
kicked out of Scientology but my wife's
parents have three other kids who have
spouses that are scientologists who have
kids you know whose whose spouses
parents are scientologists they're
basically going which kids do we want to
lose which grandkids are we never going
to see again my wife never saw her dad
again until the day he died